the word that came to Jeremiah from the
the word that came to Jeremiah from the Lord in the tenth year of Zedekiah king
Lord in the tenth year of Zedekiah king
Lord in the tenth year of Zedekiah king of Judah which was the 18th year of
of Judah which was the 18th year of
of Judah which was the 18th year of Nebuchadnezzar for them the king of
Nebuchadnezzar for them the king of
Nebuchadnezzar for them the king of babylons army besieged Jerusalem and
babylons army besieged Jerusalem and
babylons army besieged Jerusalem and Jeremiah the Prophet was shut up in the
Jeremiah the Prophet was shut up in the
Jeremiah the Prophet was shut up in the court of the prison which was in the
court of the prison which was in the
court of the prison which was in the king of Judah's house for Zedekiah king
king of Judah's house for Zedekiah king
king of Judah's house for Zedekiah king of judah had shut him up
of judah had shut him up
of judah had shut him up why do you prophesy and say thus says
why do you prophesy and say thus says
why do you prophesy and say thus says the Lord behold I will give this city
the Lord behold I will give this city
the Lord behold I will give this city into the hand of the king of Babylon and
into the hand of the king of Babylon and
into the hand of the king of Babylon and he shall take it and said Akaya king of
he shall take it and said Akaya king of
he shall take it and said Akaya king of Judah shall not escape from the hand of
Judah shall not escape from the hand of
Judah shall not escape from the hand of the Chaldeans but shall surely be
the Chaldeans but shall surely be
the Chaldeans but shall surely be delivered into the hand of the king of
delivered into the hand of the king of
delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon and shall speak with him face to
Babylon and shall speak with him face to
Babylon and shall speak with him face to face and see him I too I then he shall
face and see him I too I then he shall
face and see him I too I then he shall lead Zedekiah to Babylon and there he
lead Zedekiah to Babylon and there he
lead Zedekiah to Babylon and there he shall be until I visit him says the Lord
shall be until I visit him says the Lord
shall be until I visit him says the Lord though you fight with the Chaldeans you
though you fight with the Chaldeans you
though you fight with the Chaldeans you shall not succeed the word of the Lord
shall not succeed the word of the Lord
shall not succeed the word of the Lord came to me saying behold animal the son
came to me saying behold animal the son
came to me saying behold animal the son of Shalom your uncle will come to you
of Shalom your uncle will come to you
of Shalom your uncle will come to you saying by my field which is in nfo for
saying by my field which is in nfo for
saying by my field which is in nfo for the right of redemption is yours to buy
the right of redemption is yours to buy
the right of redemption is yours to buy it
it
it then animal my uncle son came to me in
then animal my uncle son came to me in
then animal my uncle son came to me in the court of a prison according to the
the court of a prison according to the
the court of a prison according to the word of the Lord and said to me please
word of the Lord and said to me please
word of the Lord and said to me please buy my field that is an Anathoth which
buy my field that is an Anathoth which
buy my field that is an Anathoth which is in the country of benjamin for the
is in the country of benjamin for the
is in the country of benjamin for the right of inheritance is yours and the
right of inheritance is yours and the
right of inheritance is yours and the redemption yours buy it for yourself
redemption yours buy it for yourself
redemption yours buy it for yourself then I knew that this was the word of
then I knew that this was the word of
then I knew that this was the word of the Lord so I bought the field from
the Lord so I bought the field from
the Lord so I bought the field from Hannibal the son of my uncle who was in
Hannibal the son of my uncle who was in
Hannibal the son of my uncle who was in amethyst and wait out to him the money
amethyst and wait out to him the money
amethyst and wait out to him the money 17 shekels of silver and I signed the
17 shekels of silver and I signed the
17 shekels of silver and I signed the deed and sealed it took witnesses and
deed and sealed it took witnesses and
deed and sealed it took witnesses and weighed the money on the scales so I
weighed the money on the scales so I
weighed the money on the scales so I took the purchase deed both that which
took the purchase deed both that which
took the purchase deed both that which was sealed according to the law and
was sealed according to the law and
was sealed according to the law and custom and that which was opened and I
custom and that which was opened and I
custom and that which was opened and I gave the purchase deed to Baybrook the
gave the purchase deed to Baybrook the
gave the purchase deed to Baybrook the son of Neriah the son of Messiah in the
son of Neriah the son of Messiah in the
son of Neriah the son of Messiah in the presence of Hannibal my uncle's son and
presence of Hannibal my uncle's son and
presence of Hannibal my uncle's son and in the presence of the witnesses who
in the presence of the witnesses who
in the presence of the witnesses who signed the purchase deed before all the
signed the purchase deed before all the
signed the purchase deed before all the Jews who sat in the court of the
Jews who sat in the court of the
Jews who sat in the court of the prisoner then I charged Baybrook before
prisoner then I charged Baybrook before
prisoner then I charged Baybrook before them saying thus says the Lord of hosts
them saying thus says the Lord of hosts
them saying thus says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel take these deeds both
the God of Israel take these deeds both
the God of Israel take these deeds both this purchase deed which is sealed and
this purchase deed which is sealed and
this purchase deed which is sealed and this deed which is open and put them in
this deed which is open and put them in
this deed which is open and put them in an earthen vessel that they may last
an earthen vessel that they may last
an earthen vessel that they may last many days for thus says the Lord of
many days for thus says the Lord of
many days for thus says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel houses and
hosts the God of Israel houses and
hosts the God of Israel houses and fields and vineyards shall be possessed
fields and vineyards shall be possessed
fields and vineyards shall be possessed again in this land now what I had
again in this land now what I had
again in this land now what I had delivered the purchase deed to Beirut
delivered the purchase deed to Beirut
delivered the purchase deed to Beirut the son of Neriah I prayed to the Lord
the son of Neriah I prayed to the Lord
the son of Neriah I prayed to the Lord saying
saying
saying Oh Lord God behold you have made the
Oh Lord God behold you have made the
Oh Lord God behold you have made the heavens and the earth by your great
heavens and the earth by your great
heavens and the earth by your great power and outstretched arm there is
power and outstretched arm there is
power and outstretched arm there is nothing too hard for you you show
nothing too hard for you you show
nothing too hard for you you show loving-kindness to thousands and repay
loving-kindness to thousands and repay
loving-kindness to thousands and repay the iniquity of the fathers into the
the iniquity of the fathers into the
the iniquity of the fathers into the bosom of their children after them the
bosom of their children after them the
bosom of their children after them the great the mighty God whose name is the
great the mighty God whose name is the
great the mighty God whose name is the Lord of Hosts you are great and counsel
Lord of Hosts you are great and counsel
Lord of Hosts you are great and counsel and mighty and work for your eyes are
and mighty and work for your eyes are
and mighty and work for your eyes are open to all the ways of the sons of men
open to all the ways of the sons of men
open to all the ways of the sons of men to give everyone according to his ways
to give everyone according to his ways
to give everyone according to his ways and according to the fruit of his doings
and according to the fruit of his doings
and according to the fruit of his doings you have set signs and wonders in the
you have set signs and wonders in the
you have set signs and wonders in the land of Egypt to this day and in Israel
land of Egypt to this day and in Israel
land of Egypt to this day and in Israel and among other men and you have made
and among other men and you have made
and among other men and you have made yourself a name as it is this day you
yourself a name as it is this day you
yourself a name as it is this day you have brought your people Israel out of
have brought your people Israel out of
have brought your people Israel out of the land of Egypt with signs and wonders
the land of Egypt with signs and wonders
the land of Egypt with signs and wonders with a strong hand and an outstretched
with a strong hand and an outstretched
with a strong hand and an outstretched arm and with great terror you have given
arm and with great terror you have given
arm and with great terror you have given them this land of which you swore to
them this land of which you swore to
them this land of which you swore to their fathers to give them a land
their fathers to give them a land
their fathers to give them a land flowing with milk and honey and they
flowing with milk and honey and they
flowing with milk and honey and they came in and took possession of it but
came in and took possession of it but
came in and took possession of it but they have not obeyed your voice or
they have not obeyed your voice or
they have not obeyed your voice or walked in your law they have done
walked in your law they have done
walked in your law they have done nothing of all that you commanded them
nothing of all that you commanded them
nothing of all that you commanded them to do therefore you have caused all this
to do therefore you have caused all this
to do therefore you have caused all this calamity to come upon them look the
calamity to come upon them look the
calamity to come upon them look the siege mounds they have come to the city
siege mounds they have come to the city
siege mounds they have come to the city to take it and the city has been given
to take it and the city has been given
to take it and the city has been given into the hand of the Chaldeans who fight
into the hand of the Chaldeans who fight
into the hand of the Chaldeans who fight against it because of the sword and
against it because of the sword and
against it because of the sword and famine and pestilence what you have
famine and pestilence what you have
famine and pestilence what you have spoken has happened there you see it and
spoken has happened there you see it and
spoken has happened there you see it and you have said to me O Lord God
you have said to me O Lord God
you have said to me O Lord God buy the field for money and take
buy the field for money and take
buy the field for money and take witnesses
witnesses
witnesses if the city has been given into the hand
if the city has been given into the hand
if the city has been given into the hand of the Chaldeans
of the Chaldeans
of the Chaldeans then the word of the Lord came to
then the word of the Lord came to
then the word of the Lord came to Jeremiah behold I am the Lord the God of
Jeremiah behold I am the Lord the God of
Jeremiah behold I am the Lord the God of all flesh is there anything too hard for
all flesh is there anything too hard for
all flesh is there anything too hard for me behold I will give this city into the
me behold I will give this city into the
me behold I will give this city into the hand of the Chaldeans into the hand of
hand of the Chaldeans into the hand of
hand of the Chaldeans into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and he
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and he
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and he shall take it and the Chaldeans who
shall take it and the Chaldeans who
shall take it and the Chaldeans who fight against this city shall come and
fight against this city shall come and
fight against this city shall come and set fire to this city and burn it with
set fire to this city and burn it with
set fire to this city and burn it with the houses on whose roofs they have
the houses on whose roofs they have
the houses on whose roofs they have offered incense to bale and poured out
offered incense to bale and poured out
offered incense to bale and poured out drink offerings to other gods to provoke
drink offerings to other gods to provoke
drink offerings to other gods to provoke me to anger because the children of
me to anger because the children of
me to anger because the children of Israel and the children of Judah have
Israel and the children of Judah have
Israel and the children of Judah have done only evil before me from their
done only evil before me from their
done only evil before me from their youth for the children of Israel have
youth for the children of Israel have
youth for the children of Israel have provoked me only to anger with the work
provoked me only to anger with the work
provoked me only to anger with the work of their hands for this city has been to
of their hands for this city has been to
of their hands for this city has been to me a provocation of my anger and my fury
me a provocation of my anger and my fury
me a provocation of my anger and my fury from the day that they built it even to
from the day that they built it even to
from the day that they built it even to this day so I will remove it from before
this day so I will remove it from before
this day so I will remove it from before my face because of all the evil of the
my face because of all the evil of the
my face because of all the evil of the children of Israel and the children of
children of Israel and the children of
children of Israel and the children of Judah which they have done to provoke me
Judah which they have done to provoke me
Judah which they have done to provoke me to anger they their kings their princes
to anger they their kings their princes
to anger they their kings their princes their priests their prophets the men of
their priests their prophets the men of
their priests their prophets the men of Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem
Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem
Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem and they have turned to me the back and
and they have turned to me the back and
and they have turned to me the back and not the face though I taught them rising
not the face though I taught them rising
not the face though I taught them rising up early and teaching them
up early and teaching them
up early and teaching them yet they have not listened to receive
yet they have not listened to receive
yet they have not listened to receive instruction but they sent their
instruction but they sent their
instruction but they sent their abominations in the house which is
abominations in the house which is
abominations in the house which is called by my name to defile it and they
called by my name to defile it and they
called by my name to defile it and they built the high places of bail which are
built the high places of bail which are
built the high places of bail which are in the valley of the son of Hinnom to
in the valley of the son of Hinnom to
in the valley of the son of Hinnom to cause their sons and their daughters to
cause their sons and their daughters to
cause their sons and their daughters to pass through the fire to Molech which i
pass through the fire to Molech which i
pass through the fire to Molech which i did not command them nor did it come
did not command them nor did it come
did not command them nor did it come into my mind but they should do this
into my mind but they should do this
into my mind but they should do this abomination to cause Judah to sin
abomination to cause Judah to sin
abomination to cause Judah to sin now therefore thus says the Lord the God
now therefore thus says the Lord the God
now therefore thus says the Lord the God of Israel concerning this city of which
of Israel concerning this city of which
of Israel concerning this city of which you say it shall be delivered into the
you say it shall be delivered into the
you say it shall be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon by the sword
hand of the king of Babylon by the sword
hand of the king of Babylon by the sword by the famine and by the pestilence
by the famine and by the pestilence
by the famine and by the pestilence behold I will gather them out of all
behold I will gather them out of all
behold I will gather them out of all countries where I have driven them in my
countries where I have driven them in my
countries where I have driven them in my anger in my fury and in great wrath I
anger in my fury and in great wrath I
anger in my fury and in great wrath I will bring them back to this place and I
will bring them back to this place and I
will bring them back to this place and I will cause them to dwell safely they
will cause them to dwell safely they
will cause them to dwell safely they shall be my people and I will be their
shall be my people and I will be their
shall be my people and I will be their God then I will give them one heart in
God then I will give them one heart in
God then I will give them one heart in one way that they may fear me forever
one way that they may fear me forever
one way that they may fear me forever for the good of them and their children
for the good of them and their children
for the good of them and their children after them and I will make an
after them and I will make an
after them and I will make an everlasting covenant with them that I
everlasting covenant with them that I
everlasting covenant with them that I will not turn away from doing them good
will not turn away from doing them good
will not turn away from doing them good but I will put my fear in their hearts
but I will put my fear in their hearts
but I will put my fear in their hearts so that they will not depart from me yes
so that they will not depart from me yes
so that they will not depart from me yes I will rejoice over them to do them good
I will rejoice over them to do them good
I will rejoice over them to do them good and I will assuredly plant them in this
and I will assuredly plant them in this
and I will assuredly plant them in this land with all my heart and with all my
land with all my heart and with all my
land with all my heart and with all my soul for thus says the Lord
soul for thus says the Lord
soul for thus says the Lord just as I have brought all this great
just as I have brought all this great
just as I have brought all this great calamity on these people so I will bring
calamity on these people so I will bring
calamity on these people so I will bring on them all the good that I have
on them all the good that I have
on them all the good that I have promised them and fields will be bought
promised them and fields will be bought
promised them and fields will be bought in this land of which you say it is
in this land of which you say it is
in this land of which you say it is desolate without man or beast it has
desolate without man or beast it has
desolate without man or beast it has been given into the hand of the
been given into the hand of the
been given into the hand of the Chaldeans
Chaldeans
Chaldeans men will buy fields for money sign deeds
men will buy fields for money sign deeds
men will buy fields for money sign deeds and seelman and take witnesses in the
and seelman and take witnesses in the
and seelman and take witnesses in the land of Benjamin in the places around
land of Benjamin in the places around
land of Benjamin in the places around Jerusalem in the cities of Judah in the
Jerusalem in the cities of Judah in the
Jerusalem in the cities of Judah in the cities of the mountains in the cities of
cities of the mountains in the cities of
cities of the mountains in the cities of the lowland and in the cities of the
the lowland and in the cities of the
the lowland and in the cities of the south for I will cause their captives to
south for I will cause their captives to
south for I will cause their captives to return